Improve White and Yellow Belt (#5)
AppSecure-nrw/security-belts: yellow/README.md

# 2 - Yellow Belt

> The yellow belt is the first belt that uses automatically performed activities and as such give the team a constant feedback on the current state of the developed software. It is recommended that every team achieves this belt.

Author: ```suggestion
The yellow belt is the first belt that uses automatically performed activities and as such give the team continuous high-level feedback on the current state of the developed software. It is recommended that every team achieves this belt.
```

> The yellow belt is the first belt that uses automatically performed activities and as such give the team continuous high-level feedback on the current state of the developed software. It is recommended that every team achieves this belt.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The yellow belt is the first belt that uses automatically performed activities and as such gives the team continuous high-level feedback on the current state of the developed software. It is recommended that every team achieves this belt.
```
